fix: support JWT exp offset as a config parameter and add instead of subtract (#39)
newrelic/newrelic-salesforce-exporter: README.md

The audience can also be specified using the `{optional-prefix}SF_AUDIENCE`
environment variable.

##### `expiration_offset`

| Description | Valid Values | Required | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| An offset duration (in _minutes_) to use when calculating the JWT `exp` claim | integer | N | 5 |

> This value of this parameter is added to the current time and the result is used
> as the value of the `exp` claim in the JSON Claims Set for the JWT. The value
> _must_ be a positive integer.

Reviewer: Perhaps clearer?
```suggestion
An optional offset to increase the timeout of the `exp` claim in the JSON Claims Set for the JWT. Must be a positive integer.
- The `exp` will be calculated as `current_time + offset`
```

Author: Hey @jbeveland27 thanks for the comment.  While it is an optional config, I don't want it to sound like there is _no_ offset by default.  I think the original doc makes this slightly clearer even if it may not be entirely clear in general.  Going to go with that for now.

The expiration offset can also be specified using the

> `{optional-prefix}SF_EXPIRATION_OFFSET` environment variable.

Reviewer: Ah got it. So my 2 cents: the README is massive and the prefix is called `auth_env_prefix`, so maybe either leave this out or make this `{auth_env_prefix}` for clarity?

> `{optional-prefix}SF_EXPIRATION_OFFSET` environment variable.

Author: Good call.  Done.
